so in Tyler Perry's new movie why did I  get married Janet Jackson plays a  psychologist who learns at one of her  best friends as a cheating husband but  she doesn't tell so I heard that you'd  had a similar situation yes I did a very  close friend of mine for years someone  she was engaged to actually had cheated  on her and I knew both of them the her  fiance as well as the woman what did you  do I didn't say a thing and she was very  upset at me for but I felt it wasn't my  responsibility I I would want him to man  up and come to her and because of that  we are no longer friends yeah it broke  our friendship yeah do you wish that you  had done differently now uh would you  have done differently knowing what you  know now no I wouldn't no I wouldn't I  would if it were happening to me I would  want them to come to me and let me know  you want him to come yes really okay  then I will tell you nothing about  even if I were to find out from a  girlfriend yeah I would still want them  to really yes I would so you know what  you know everybody knows my friend get  olives so be telling everything yeah but  you're not that you would keep it to  yourself and think that would you go to  him did you go to him and say to him I  think you should tell her um or yes I  did I actually did oh you did yes I did  we do it and he did not he do not know  okay so you decided to stay out of it  yes but now that you've had your therapy  training for the movie would I change  things yeah I I think that would still  kind of cool about it seemed really yeah  I I think I would okay I respect that  weren't you had a party together  recently and something happen yeah with  Miss Jackson yeah yeah Janet Jenna told  me I was working too hard you know work  18-hour day and she's like you need to  have some fun get out as fun like okay  fine so we're in LA and Jermaine is  having a party in a she invites me over  and I go over and and she comes in I'm  what I'm sitting there and there's its  alcohol that sponsoring the party and  it's free alcohol I'm throwing them back  having a good time so I text I say where  are you no Tyler Perry and free alcohol  excites I'm down the block is he don't  worry it's free alcohol I'm having a  great time he comes in she's wearing  this white silk beautiful Valentino  dress if she looked amazing yeah this at  the table we're all sitting there I'm  feeling a little loopy so I said let me  go I got to get out of here cuz I don't  like the feeling she's drinking red wine  I say good night Janet knocked the red  wine all over her white silk Valentino  dress no you did yes I did you know she  did that she started laughing  he said no worries it's all good but  under her breath she going no  red wine - red wine white silk what's  you nothing you can do it's over I just  was sticking to my thighs it was that  much rats the outside I said she's gonna  be a People magazine something's gonna  say Tyler Perry hit Janet and she bled  all over and in the table was there were  a lot of people at the table but it  missed everyone and just hit me hit your  white dress so the next day I called  over an essay I'm on my way to target a  Ross for less to replace that dress he  wouldn't let me it was an accident  it was an accident no really how did you  really feel no honestly that's what I  felt  ya know Charlie when it happened he was  so high Jack and I it was it was an  accident  he didn't mean to do it yeah well Tyler  told me that he wanted to put this that  incident he's carried that with him you  know not such a sweet guy so he he's  scarred he they wouldn't let it rest and  so he told me he wanted to put to rest  once and for all so take it away models  coming out  [Applause]  so what he did was  [Applause]  [Music]  and he got or are these all Valentino Oh  Valentino all Valentino and he wants you  to choose the one that you to one tract  is that for the longest he kept paging  me saying no I'm gonna bring over  addresses I want to get you in I said no  it's okay it's okay  that's okay yes you have to pick a dress  you have to pick a dress you I want the  [Applause]  this is the dress  thank you  this is the dress the tip from behind  Janet you're going to look so great in  this this is bad  [Applause]  women y'all look good too y'all look  good but that is the dress we'll be  right back thank you it's been hard I  thought that God had given up on me yeah  because Here I am in this marriage and  it don't work you don't love me you  don't like me Wow  well let's just say you know you're good  when you can look at your own self and  get weepy you can look at yourself  playing a character and think that that  was Jill Scott playing a woman stuck in  a bad marriage from the new film why did  I get married which is it which is just  like you are so many different layers  it's funny and it's poignant and  thoughtful and it's all that it is about  marriage really great scene  how did great in that how long did it  take you to do that did you have to do  that many times over or whatever oh  really I look I let the camera roll yeah  8:00 in the morning really I just let  the camera roll I'm watching that I'm  thinking why we can't do that got too  many times we do no we got the close-up  though I just let the camera roll and I  was talking to her asking her questions  and that's where that I thought that God  had given up from me came from yeah and  it was I was like wow so I just kept  talking to her and she a lot of that  stuff is that live in that thing and it  was unbelievable yeah yeah so we're  talking about Tyler's new movie why did  I get married and he just gave Janet a  brand new Valentino gown I heard you had  an alternate so let's see it yeah yeah  yeah  Madea wanted to see if you didn't like  that she had one that's the one you  picked that's the one you picked but  okay yeah has one okay that she thought  [Applause]  now let me eyes are perfect the eyes are  perfect that's great I don't know what  that is that's not Valentino that's  another so okay I hear you building this  big mansion you're building a big  mansion yeah I had to sell my other  house but that was in dire of a Mad  Black Woman because people would jump in  the fence and tour buses were parked on  the lawn wondered why did you put your  house in this film that idiot right  there yeah you know we're trying to save  money so Ruben says Fator oh you can use  your house cuz you know I find this half  the film that's like okay fine I'll use  it I didn't know what happens when your  house is in a movie and so many people  are pop jump because in dhyryam act like  woman that is your real house yeah that  was your real it is up for sale now yes  that was my real house yeah any buyers  call me and 1-800 Tainan oh yeah I  started building a new house I found  this great piece of property in in a  really nice part of Atlanta in the city  and I am doing a book signing in Walmart  and I find out I'm being sued by the  previous owner who said that it's still  his property and from what I understand  he'd lost the property during a  malpractice suit and he's been yeah with  me wasn't there like a six-page article  the Atlanta Constitution about this guy  who still thinks it's his property even  though he's been ordered by the court to  stop bothering you and he comes to the  property trying to stop the construction  and stuff yeah yeah why don't you put my  deal on here yeah so how are you  handling all of this it's really great  and you know what's so special about  that is is you know building this house  and having this wonderful moment is I  know that I'm living the dream that dr.  King talked about so they have this man  who is who fought against segregation  who sued the United States because he  didn't want to integrate his hotel have  him fighting against me years ago yeah  years ago yeah back in the 60s it's  amazing for me to be in this position  I'm grateful I thank God for it every  minute  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  so I hear the guy that plays your  husband in this movie you know was  apologizing for being so mean yes  Richard T Jones yes fantastic actor and  the thing is he's a family man he's a  father and a minister oh he's a minister  he was doing so good again the whole  cast was great you know Denise potay her  first time out it was so easy writing  lines for Angela the character there  Tasha Smith plays good they're all  madea's lines you know it's so easy  writing that that who died Lamont Rucker  Michael Jai White  Sharon lil they all did an amazing job  Malik Yoba  oh yeah did I understand that you did  you look at dr. robbin tapes or  something a couple of them while we were  shooting  yes yeah really yes yeah I saw a dr.  Robin therapist moment in there oh you  did well that's good yeah yeah I could I  was saying to Janet I want it incredible  you know because when you're looking at  Janet Jackson in a film you have to get  over it's Janet Jackson yeah you have to  get over that so what what a great job  to be able to make us forget that that's  who you are and that you become the  therapist thank you really really you  celebrate your 38th birthday yeah  thirty-eight  I got a phone call yeah yeah my mother  calls me that day and I thought  something was wrong cuz she was in tears  and she's crying on the phone like what  is going on and she said I just  remembered today about when you were 10  years old 9 or 10 years old you told me  one day as she saw a card that I liked  the card said mommy I'm gonna buy that  car for you and she woke up in the house  that I said I would go for it  driving that car which was in the garage  and it was just really moving for it I  thought hello Mack saying why isn't it a  wonderful thing to have all your dreams  come true well you've had Oh what I'll  have all your dreams come true I'm a few  more dreams when you were here before  with you know who you all said that you  might be starting a family but what he  did you have to be involved  Janet you have to die like Steve so is  that like an ultimate goal maybe of  course I would love to become another  yes I don't know about having 9 kids  like mother did yeah which he wants yeah  well 9 you better hurry up I know I  gotta catch up you want to say a big  thank you to Valentino for helping Tyler  shop for Janet where they were helpful  over there I heard very oh yeah back in  a moment  [Applause]  [Music]  so why did I get married you and your  friends will be talking about it yeah  well yeah better yet talk about it with  your husband yeah why did I get married  opens October 12th I'm very excited for  all of you in this space really Thank  You Janet Jackson miss Jill Scott thank  you and you know thanks a little bit  more ting good morning good morning  bye everybody  [Applause]